S Arya, Arya: Page Number ninety, six up to fifteen,
S Arya, Arya: the goal
S Arya, Arya: God writes straight on crooked lines:
S Arya, Arya: Charles having given his letter to the century with the order to take it to its immediate destination, turned towards this test again. In those days an order was given in a different tone to that which servitude demands. In later time
S Arya, Arya: he returned to his room on the first floor without even waiting to make sure that he would be obeyed. He had scarcely seated himself, when, after a fumbling knock, the sentry opened the door and followed him into the room,
S Arya, Arya: still holding the letter in this hand.
S Arya, Arya: One can pertain, he said, with a certain calmness of manner, as from an old soldier to a young one.
S Arya, Arya: A word, that is all this letter.
S Arya, Arya: He turned it in his hand as he spoke, and looking at Charles beneath scowling bros, awaited an explanation.
S Arya, Arya: Did you pick it up?
S Arya, Arya: No, I wrote it
S Arya, Arya: good. I
S Arya, Arya: indeed! He was hung about with other things than clocks, and seemed to be of opinion that if a soldier sets value upon any object, he must attach it to his person. I, Barlash, of the god
S Arya, Arya: Marengo, the Danubay Egypt, picked up after Borodino A little like it I cannot read very quickly indeed.
S Arya, Arya: Was it addressed like that to madame.
S Arya, Arya: That's re that again.
S Arya, Arya: Yes,
S Arya, Arya: since you asked I am a husband.
S Arya, Arya: Ah!
S Arya, Arya: Replied by Leslie,
S Arya, Arya: and his limbs and features settled themselves into a patient waiting. Well? Asked Charles, what are you waiting for?
S Arya, Arya: Whatever you may think proper, mon capitan? For I give the letter to the sergeant, who promised that it should be forwarded with its address.
S Arya, Arya: Girls laughingly sort his purse, but there was nothing in it, so he looked around the room
S Arya, Arya: here and this to your collection, and he took a small fringe clock from the
S Arya, Arya: page Number ninety-seven
S Arya, Arya: writing, able a pretty gilded toy from Barry.
S Arya, Arya: Thank you,
S Arya, Arya: Barlash, with shaking fingers unnoticed the rope around his shoulders. As he was doing so, one of the clocks on his back began to strike,
S Arya, Arya: while Barlash sternly stood at attention.
S Arya, Arya: Four o'clock, he said to himself, and I, who have not yet breakfasted
S Arya, Arya: with the grunt and a salute, he turned towards the door, which stood open.
S Arya, Arya: Someone was coming up the stairs rather slowly,
S Arya, Arya: his spurs clinking, his skirt flashing against the glided banisters.
S Arya, Arya: Papa Barlash stood aside at attention,
S Arya, Arya: and Colonel, the customer came into their room with a gay word of greeting.
S Arya, Arya: Barlash went out, but he did not close the door.
S Arya, Arya: It is to be presumed that he stood without
S Arya, Arya: where he might have overheard all they said to each other for quite a long time, until it was almost the half hour when the clocks would strike again;
S Arya, Arya: but the cast of mayor, perceiving that the door was open, closed it quietly from with it, and Barlash, shut out on the wide landing, made a grimace at the massive woodwork before turning to descend the stairs.
S Arya, Arya: It was the middle of September, and the days was shortening. The dusk of evening had already closed over the city when the Kesmer and Charles at length came downstairs.
S Arya, Arya: No one had trouble to open the shutters of such rooms as we are not required,
S Arya, Arya: and these there are many,
S Arya, Arya: for Moscow was even at that day a great city,
S Arya, Arya: though less spacious and more fantastic, that it is today.
S Arya, Arya: There was plenty of room for the whole army in the houses left empty by their owners, so that Matt, so that many logged as they had never logged before, and would never log again.
S Arya, Arya: The stairs were almost dark where Charles and his companion, sending them
S Arya, Arya: the rested musket poised against the door post, still indicated the supposed presence of a century.
S Arya, Arya: Listen, said Charles. I found him burrowing like a rat at a cellar door in the courtyard. Perhaps he has got in.
S Arya, Arya: They listened, but could hear nothing.
S Arya, Arya: Charles led the way towards the courtyard. A glimmer of light guided him to the door he sought.
S Arya, Arya: It stood open,
S Arya, Arya: had succeeded in affecting an
S Arya, Arya: intrigued to the cellar, where his experience taught him to seek the best that an abandoned house contains.
S Arya, Arya: Charles and the Casimir peered down the narrow stairs
S Arya, Arya: by the light of a candle balash, was working vigorously amid a confused pile of cases, and for nature, and roughly tiled bundles of clothing, he had laid aside nothing, and his movements were attended by the usual rattle of I know where they could see
S Arya, Arya: phase number ninety-eight.
S Arya, Arya: The perspiration gleaming on his face. Even in this cellar there lingered the faint smell of sour smoke that filled the air of Moscow. The Casimir put the gleam of jewelry and went hurriedly downstairs.
S Arya, Arya: What are you doing there, my friend? He asked, and the words were scarcely out of his mouth when Barlash extinguished his candle.
S Arya, Arya: There followed a dead silence such as comes when a rodent is disturbed at his work. The two men on the cellar stairs were conscious of the case of the bright, right-like eyes below.
S Arya, Arya: The customer turned and followed Charles upstairs again. Come up, he said, and go to your post There was No movement in response. Name of a dog tried. The cashmere is all disciplined, relaxed. Come up, I tell you,
S Arya, Arya: and obey my orders.
S Arya, Arya: He emphasized his command with the talking of a pistol and a slight disturbance in his darkness of the cellar heralded and heralded the unwilling approach of Barlash, who climbed the stairs step by step, like the school boy coming to punishment.
S Arya, Arya: It is I who for the door we call in there
S Arya, Arya: behind that pile of firewood. It is I who opened it. What is down. There is mine, he said, selling;
S Arya, Arya: but the only reply that the case the mayor made was to seize him by the arm and jug him away from the stairs to your post, he said. Take your arm and out into the street in front of the house. That is your place.
S Arya, Arya: But while he was still speaking, they were all startled by a sudden distance in the cellar,
S Arya, Arya: and in the gloom a man stumbled up the stairs and ran past them. Pahlash had taken the precaution of bolting the huge front door, which was large enough to give passage to a carriage. The man who exhaled an atmosphere of dust mingled with the
S Arya, Arya: dis quiteening an all pervading order of smoke
S Arya, Arya: rust at the huge door and tug the fur furiously at its Handles, Charles, who was on the heels, grasped his arm, but the man swung around and threw him off as if he were a side.
S Arya, Arya: He had a hatchet in his hand, with which he aimed a blue at chance, but missed him. Barlash was already going towards his musket, which stood in the corner against the door post, but the Russians saw his movement and
S Arya, Arya: for stalled him. Seizing the gun, he presented the pay unit to them,
S Arya, Arya: and stood with his back to the door, facing the three men in a breathless silence. He was a large man.
S Arya, Arya: His chevrolet, with long hair tumbled about his head, and light colored eyes glaring like the eyes of a beast at bay.